Update nim 2.0 documentation for docgen & nimgrep (#21665)
nim-lang/Nim: changelogs/changelog_2_0_0.md

- When compiling for Release the flag `-fno-math-errno` is used for GCC.

## Docgen

- Markdown mode is now default markup language of doc comments (instead
  of legacy `RstMarkdown` mode), which means that some RST features,

>   that have a Markdown equivalent, are turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that do not have a Markdown equivalent, are turned off.
```

?

Author: I rewrote/expanded this point of the list.

    * to use this feature across modules a new `importdoc` directive is added.
  Using this feature for referencing also helps to ensure that links
  (inside one module or the whole project) are not broken.
- Added support for RST & Markdown quote blocks (blocks starting from `>`).
- Added a popular Markdown definition lists extension.
- Added Markdown indented code blocks (blocks indented by >= 4 spaces).
- Added syntax for additional parameters to Markdown code blocks:

       ```nim test="nim c $1"
       ...
       ```

## Tool changes

- Nim now ships Nimble version 0.14 which added support for lock-files. Libraries are stored in `$nimbleDir/pkgs2` (it was `$nimbleDir/pkgs`). Use `nimble develop --global` to create an old style link file in the special links directory documented at https://github.com/nim-lang/nimble#nimble-develop.
- nimgrep added option `--inContext` (and `--notInContext`), which
  allows to filter only matches with context block containing a given pattern.
- nimgrep: names of options containing "include/exclude" are deprecated,
  e.g. instead of `--includeFile` and `--excludeFile` we have
  `--filename` and `--notFilename` respectively.

>   Also semantics becomes consistent for such positive/negative filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Also the semantics become consistent for such positive/negative filters.
```
